This looks
What's wrong with him?
Poison is on
Poison Wind Armor uses poison to control the shadow position to do things for it
The antidote can only be exchanged after the monthly makeup try.
His condition
It should be that my sister didn't give him the antidote for this month
Don't worry if you can't die ma'am
If Nangong wants to betray me, he won't do it
It seems that I really misunderstood him.
Why are you staring at me like that?
Of course I'm spying on you.
Madam still doesn't want to believe me
Does it matter whether you believe in you or not?
Of course it matters.
I don't want my lady to use that again
Look at me with disgust
I'm sorry.
I can only give it to the queen
Report some trivial daily
As long as you don't want to say it
I don't have to say it.
The queen is not so easy to fool
And I don't want you because I can't get the antidote
Don't worry, you just tell him my whereabouts
This girl has her own way